>> Welcome to the Nanodegree program.
>> We both worked individually on the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree Program.
>> I worked on courses called,
Path Planning and Localization.
>> And I worked on Lane Finding and Computer Vision.
>> When we released the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree Program,
there was a ton of interests from students and industry.
But it turns out that building a self-driving car isn't easy,
and so many of the courses were approached from a very technical standpoint.
>> And some people who enrolled in that program,
found themselves blocked by things like math notation,
programming concepts, and programming languages.
So Andy, who do we make this curriculum for?
>> The person we had in mind when we designed this curriculum,
has some programming experience,
maybe 40-hours or so.
They're comfortable with algebra,
and they hopefully get some enjoyment from thinking through,
and solving hard problems.
Even when those problems use math.
>> If this describes you,
and you're looking to fill that gap,
or just get more experience with the programming and math behind self-driving cars,
this program will prepare you for the more advanced curriculum. So let's get started.